Response action: `execute` (#3244)
elastic/security-docs: docs/getting-started/defend-feature-privs.asciidoc

| *File Operations*
| Perform file-related <<response-actions,response actions>> in the response console.

| *Execute Operations*
a| Perform shell commands and script-related <<response-actions,response actions>> in the response console.

> WARNING: This allows a user to run highly privileged commands on a host as a root-level user. Restrict this feature privilege to only {elastic-sec} users who require this level of access.

Reviewer: The command will be run with as the user that is also running the Endpoint on the host. That normally is a highly privileged system account - `root` likely on Linux/Mac and something like it on Windows. 

Maybe something like:

> WARNING: The commands are executed on the host using the same user account that runs the Elastic Defend integration, which is normally an account that has full control over the system. Restrict this feature privilege to only {elastic-sec} users who require this level of access.

> WARNING: This allows a user to run highly privileged commands on a host as a root-level user. Restrict this feature privilege to only {elastic-sec} users who require this level of access.

Author: ```suggestion
WARNING: The commands are run on the host using the same user account running the {elastic-defend} integration, which normally has full control over the system. Restrict this feature privilege to only {elastic-sec} users who require this level of access.
```

> WARNING: This allows a user to run highly privileged commands on a host as a root-level user. Restrict this feature privilege to only {elastic-sec} users who require this level of access.

Reviewer: LGTM  😄

> WARNING: The commands are run on the host using the same user account running the {elastic-defend} integration, which normally has full control over the system. Restrict this feature privilege to only {elastic-sec} users who require this level of access.

Reviewer 2: Made some slight modifications to the second sentence to hopefully make it more straightforward. 

```suggestion
WARNING: The commands are run on the host using the same user account running the {elastic-defend} integration, which normally has full control over the system. Only grant this feature privilege to {elastic-sec} users who require this level of access.
```
